Half an hour away from the opens in Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai. You're
watching the China Show. I'm Ivon Man
with David and Glenn.
>> Good morning. Let's get to your top
stories today. Samsung surging to a
fresh record after reporting its biggest
quarterly profit in more than three
years. That's thanks to growing AI
demand for its memory chips.
>> Japanese stocks falling after the
holiday as a political crisis brews even
as global equities reflect renewed
optimism about US China trade talks.
Yeah, and speaking of here, Treasury
Secretary, US Treasury Secretary Scott
Bessett says he still expects a Trump
she meeting despite China's move to
tighten rare earth exports. We'll get to
Beijing's perspective from a think tank
backed by the Commerce Ministry.
>> And we're live in Hongjo to speak with
Chinese makeup brands about their global
expansion plans.
[Music]
Good morning. Welcome to the program.
Lots to get through the next two hours
or so. We're starting things off with a
look at equities, precious metals, and
the dollar, which right now is
consolidating on the green back on the
gauge at least here. Uh the precious
metal space continues to give with
silver in fact hitting a fresh record
this morning. And we'll talk more about
what this really means under the hood in
terms of cross asset allocation. Asia
Pacific the benchmark will make sense to
you in a couple of minutes in a couple
of seconds here because on the benchmark
basis were flat. Most tech stocks are
actually on the way up but you have this
nicke flip the page please reopening
today that's actually providing a
counterweight there. Uh the tyics index
is coming out on coming online of course
is 1.8%. You have the honai story as it
pertains to the Nvidia collaboration.
And there's the Cosby index and we
talked about Samsung following a massive
move of course in shares uh yesterday.
So I think we cleared the estimates on
the consensus by nearly 2 and a.5
trillion one. These are of course the
prelim numbers still uh on the Japan
story itself of course it's very fluid
not just on the markets but within that
of course as it pertains to the
political side of things. Dollar yen uh
on near the stronger side of 152 to 153
but certainly still near the very weak
end of the uh recent range there.
Euroyen on your screens and as we can
see of course that cash down trade we're
seeing in the equity complex in Japan
now it's certainly 24 hours makes a very
big deal big difference of course on the
equity market side by the dip they did
although when you look at volumes over
not night not quite as strong at least
as far as the Chinese listings were
concerned on price though as you can see
we are expecting to see the rally
continue here uh in the Asia Pacific we
have a 20-year bond auction today uh
we'll keep an eye on that the fix of
course was still fairly big market event
yesterday and as it pertains to futures,
we are uh called higher going into the
open 27 minutes away.
>> Yeah, it seems like this recovery could
be underway here. All it took was maybe
one tweet or one statement from
President Trump here to kind of bring
down the temperature that we saw
yesterday. So certainly we'll see how if
we see that recovery and rebound in
Chinese markets here today. In terms of
what to look out for, southbound flows,
as you see there, hit the highest in two
months yesterday. We'll see if that
continues for another day. When you talk
about other blockbuster deals, certainly
Innocience is one also working with
Nvidia now when it comes to building up
architecture when it comes to AI the
like. Uh we're focusing on Xiaomi. There
was this crash uh that happened with its
EV car. We we'll talk a little bit more
about what happened there as well. We
see silver at all-time highs. So
watching of course some of those stocks
here today. There is a CGB sale here
around the 20-year bond and of course
we're watching this briefing from the
chief executive John Lee.
>> Yeah, that that takes place I believe
this hour. But let's get to our top
story here across the tech space. A lot
of big earnings, a lot of big deals to
tell you about. We'll start things off
here with Samsung and the pre numbers
reporting the biggest quarterly profit
here in more than 3 years. Shares gapped
higher and then at that point since
about about an hour back, we've since
retraced most if not all. As you can
see, those gains were down a third one%.
Uh just for context, at 94,000,
uh the share price is it, you know, has
near doubled basically from from the
bottom of last year. So suffice to say
the shares have have done very well.
Let's bring in Masahiro Wakasugi here
out of Tokyo, Bloomberg Intelligence,
senior industry analyst here. So Masa, I
mean these are prelim numbers so we
don't really have a lot of details in
terms of the granular breakdown across
the businesses, but what what is your
initial take here, initial read from
these results?
>> Uh good morning. Uh yes. uh if we look
at the numbers uh for example operating
profit increased uh quite strongly and
Q1 Q2 operating profit was ranging
around 6.7 billion uh trillion or maybe
4.7 and uh Q3 number 12.1 trillion1 so
that's a quite strong number recovery
and almost 2.6 six times as much as the
Q2 operating profit. So I think that uh
we can estimate that both uh volume and
also pricing for the semiconductor
especially memory business should be
improving. So uh that's a good sign for
the company including the uh for the Q4
operating situation. So I think that the
Samsung should be also benefiting from
the not only the HBM but also the
conventional DRM and also probably non
flash memory business and uh probably I
think that the Q2 or Q1 numbers were
dragged by the foundry business. So I
think we would like to see how the
foundry business is also recovering for
Samsung
>> and does it have any other implications
to some of the other tech names as well.
Masa
>> uh uh yes of course uh probably market
will focus on SKH because the uh
recovery should be quite strong for
Samsung. So I think we can expect
Skehinix our operating profit to
increase uh maybe in September quarter
and uh that's also based on the micron's
recent results and uh if we look at the
maybe you know non flash pricing and
recently we are seeing a nice
improvement in the non flash memory
pricing so uh that should be good sign
for the likes
maybe Kyokia in Japan they are making a
nonfresh memory as well as solid set
state drive and uh maybe if we look into
next year's situation uh some memory
makers could expand production capacity
especially for the HBM and also uh maybe
the upgrade investment for the nonfresh
memory in that case uh uh semiconductor
equipment companies including uh Tokyo
Electron or Advantist or maybe Screen
Holdings Cox electric these companies
may see some demand pickup for the uh
investment in the memory space.
>> All right, Masa, thank you. Our
Bloomberg Intelligence senior industry
analyst Masahiro Wakasugi joining us
from Tokyo. So you have the Samsung
story, you have all these tech
partnerships certainly is the reason
maybe why we are seeing this risk rally,
but we are getting some breaking lines
here from uh Beijing when it comes to
the commerce uh department. Now they're
talking about these recent US tariffs.
So they issuing that official statement.
Now they are defending the rare earth
export control measures and saying that
they are lawful and they're urging the
US to correct wrongdoings. They say the
export controls do not prohibit exports.
They're not a ban. They reiterated that.
But they are hoping with the US and
they're urging the Trump administration
to manage differencions through the
dialogue. What else are you seeing Dave
so far?
>> Yeah and I think this is a key level. I
think this is a key nuance here that to
your point that you just made there that
export controls
do not prohibit exports, right? And I
think it's we're going to get more
clarity on this as well in at the bottom
of the hour because we have of course
someone from a think tank underneath the
the ministry of commerce joining us as
well. Uh the other thing here that seems
to be a key message is that because we
are looking at working level trade talks
uh and that US China cooperation are
benefiting MOSA. It does seem we are
still on track to have those talks and
of course those conversations go uh
dollar China on your screens and yeah uh
we'll talk more about this with with
with Joe me of course who will be
joining us at the bottom of this hour.
Uh but let's bring in uh John Leo, our
greater China senior executive editor
here for more on the story and really
how this sets us up for this this
meeting hopefully that looks to be
taking place still in about two weeks. I
mean, if you look at that rhetoric, it
would suggest that a meeting will happen
and that both sides want to talk. And
so, I mean, the big question now is,
>> are the rare earths controls are the
additional 100% tariffs, is that
posturing by both sides to get a better
deal, or is that some sign that this
relationship is falling apart,
unraveling?
>> Yeah.
>> That seems to suggest that uh everybody
wants a deal and this is posturing.
>> I think we also get that we seem to get
that signal from Secretary Besson
overnight. Yeah.
>> And the other thing with this uh the
emphasizing that controls are not a ban
I think is also Secretary Bessant raised
this idea of working with other western
countries in to respond to China's rare
earth controls and I so I do think there
is an aspect of China trying to
calibrate the message thinking that it
is both talking to the United States but
also conscious of what it means for
>> Europe or the collateral damage that
could Okay. Um,
>> yeah, it's interesting. So, you think
that maybe this meeting will still
happen, but what what did you get a
sense of what a trade deal might
actually look like now? I mean, it seems
like it's both sides are willing to dig
in and and maybe double down. Um,
>> use their cards,
>> use their cards very, you know, uh,
usefully, I guess, right now. But what
what would what would a trade deal
actually look like at this point? So, so
I think if uh China were to be very
aggressive with these rare earth
controls and the US did put in 100%
tariffs and stopped all software exports
to China, that would be calamitous for
the global economy.
>> And so I don't think that will happen. I
don't think either side wants that to
happen. I think most likely the outcome
of this meeting is some agreement to
forstall these things coming into place
because the deadline for them to start
both the rare earth controls uh is like
early November and it's November 1st for
the tariffs. So I think
>> most likely what we get is just kicking
the can down the road.
>> Um I think markets are worried that you
know it could there could be a worse
outcome. I think there's also the
possibility there could be a uh a wider
agreement because we do know that the US
President Trump has talked about
soybeans. He's talked about Boeing
airplanes.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh China we know wants the US to uh
change the rhetoric that it uses around
Taiwan to say it opposes Taiwanese
independence as as instead of saying it
does not support.
>> Yep.
>> And so that that would be a big
political win for China. So th those are
some of the things I think are on the
table. Whether or not we'll actually get
these out of APEC I think is relatively
unlikely.
>> Yeah. And I mean just a note on
Secretary Bessant. Um and you know to
your point markets initially sold off
and then right now we're we're looking
at a relief rally and hopefully that
lasts. Right. The Secretary President
also mentioned there was substantial
communication between Friday and Monday
which to me speaks to and my question to
you would be how much of this was simply
just misunderstanding over over
intention and you know details.
>> I think there's definitely a a mismatch
in terms of intention. If you talk to
either side both sides will say we had
to do this because the other guy did
something to us and we're just
responding to provocation. Uh I think
that you know Secretary Besson talked
about communications over the weekend.
There's a Chinese delegation in
Washington DC for the IMF meetings right
they will have working level talks.
>> Secretary Besson talked about coming to
Asia for talks with the vice premier and
so I think there is a scramble to get
everybody's ducks in a line ahead of the
Trump meeting. So I think there is a
real motivation to to get something done
so that none of the bad things that
we've been talking about actually
happens. John, fantastic. Thank you so
much. John Neil there of course with
late say and the take there and the
context given the latest headlines
coming through. Uh just counting down to
the open of trade here it is uh just
what 17 minutes away in Shanghai
Shenzhen and here in Hong Kong futures
last we check should still be pointing
to a higher open today. This is the
China show.
We're just kind of tracking and
recapping some of these lines coming
through from the Ministry of Commerce in
China here, issuing that statement when
it came uh to the US terrorists and the
like and really defending their rare
earth export control measures as well.
But a as John Lou mentioned before,
right, it when you get the tone and the
rhetoric around this latest statement,
it seems like both sides are still
willing to talk, right? They they want
to hold uh work level talks uh they did
hold level talks yesterday and they did
talk about uh cooperation benefits both
sides. So at least trying to show some
sincerity. They want the US to do that
for talks as well and telling the US to
stop threats while seeking those talks.
So overall that should help the mood
music here today. Take a look how
futures they are punching a little bit
higher uh in China. So we're up about a
third of 1% could bode well and add to
the sort of recovery that we've seen
overnight.
>> Yeah, I mean there is some momentum to
play uh going into the open today. Uh no
rhyme intended there. Uh by the way uh
Ben Bennett is with us Asia head of
investment strategy at LG. The company
of course asset management business
invests across public and also private
markets worldwide. AUM 1.5 trillion oo
dollars. That's a that that's a mountain
of cash there. the how are you thinking
about this fourth quarter now like in
terms of all all things considered the
risks that suddenly we're talking about
this week with trade but AI seems to be
giving us reasons to ignore the the
former
>> there's so much stuff to worry about
isn't there from what's going on with
China from the Japanese election France
chaos there as well but I think
ultimately
>> die again
>> yeah for now but ultimately I think
you're right the AI trade is still the
one that's pushing markets higher and
we're going to get the earning season
aren't we in the next few days and
that's always a nice reflection on how
actually corporate America, the world is
doing and they're doing pretty well. So
I think yeah, we're still reasonably
bullish going to the fourth quarter. I
think markets can still do pretty well.
>> Um we were just talking about this delta
basement trade where you're starting to
see investors really look at at these
sort of you know traditional havens or
at least things like sovereign debt and
and and currencies and really thinking
like look I'm going to replace it with
something like Bitcoin and gold which is
continues to do quite well. you is this
something of a momentum sort of trade
you see or is this actually a real
shift?
>> Yeah and I think it is it's an erosion
rather than a shift. I think before co
the US treasuries were always the
risk-free asset. You could hold those
and hedge your equities because you knew
that your bonds would would give you
insurance I guess and that's no longer
the case with inflation where it is. And
inflation I think is going to stay
sticky. If inflation's sticky, if you're
seeing politicization of the Federal
Reserve, if you're seeing tariffs, then
you don't want to be holding government
bonds and you've got to find something
else. What is it? Well, gold is
obviously the the winner this year. It's
up 50%. So, I'm a little nervous about
valuations, but clearly even what we saw
on Friday with the a little bit of a
downdraft in the S&P 500, you saw gold
going up, didn't you? So, I think it
still works as that safe haven asset.
Are we moving into a world where we
simply need less allocations to bonds
then? Because I mean that needs to add
up to 100, right? If equity markets are
doing well.
>> Yeah.
>> And there seems to be a structural shift
>> in to replace bonds as a hedge somewhat.
You know what what what gives?
>> Well, the price of bonds or the price of
the currency gives because they're still
issuing the bonds. So, someone's got to
buy them and it's just what price level
you are prepared to buy them. And that's
why yields are are pretty elevated. I
still think US treasuries, longdated US
treasuries could yields could go higher.
I don't know where fair value is for US
treasuries if they're going to keep
pumping them out. They need people to
buy them and we've got to decide what
the right price is. The interesting
thing, of course, the Federal Reserve,
the Treasury could decide to shift the
issuance down into the shorter end. So
they could say, I don't want to issue
longdated bonds at these elevated
yields. I could issue shorterdated.
That's fine. But then the currency takes
takes the pressure and the dollar we've
already seen down 10% this year. That
could fall even further next year if
that's what they do. And again that
comes back to gold, doesn't it? It
sounds silly just reiterating that gold
is the asset class. But that's again
that's why it's up 50%.
>> Uh relatively speaking though, you you
you prefer actually bond markets in the
UK, Japan, even France despite what
we're seeing in those governments.
>> It's valuations, right? So the US
Treasury yield curve is steep, but I
think that's warranted. That's justified
by what we've seen. But it's led to
other curves in the world, the UK curve,
Japanese curve also steeping by more.
Actually, in Japan, it's incredibly
steep. Forward yields in Japan are
suggesting that rates are going to
accelerate over the next 20, 30 years.
Who knows what happens in the next 20,
30 years, but that's what it's saying. I
think that's too much. And we've been
putting trades on curve flatteners in
the UK and in Japan, taking advantage of
those really steep curves and hoping
they go down. France is a different
point though. France is politically a
bit of a mess right now. Of course it
is. But where French government bond
yields trade 80 basis points 10-year
level over German uh government bonds.
>> And that's not that bad, right? That's
where European investment grade credit
trades. So what would you prefer to
have? French government risk or European
investment grade risk? That's that's a
that's a question.
>> Well, you look at yields. I mean, people
prefer Greece now. I think just just
just to look at the valuation there.
Talk to us about Japan then because is
that you say you're you're betting on a
flatter curve. Is that simply a tactical
trade? Because when you look at the
longer term implication on equity
market, people seem to suggest that is
indicative of a bull market that is just
beginning in Japan.
>> Yeah. No, I I understand why the curve
has steepened. I'm just questioning how
much it steepens. That's that's that's
all I'm saying. And and also I would
suggest that countries like Japan and
the UK UK is a good example that you can
have pressure on governments in order to
try and get those curves under control.
And I could see the same in Japan. I
mean we're already seeing the
negotiations, aren't we, between
Takichi, the LDP, and other parties
trying to find a coalition. Part of that
negotiation is potentially watering down
some of the more aggressive policies. If
that happens, I could see the curve
flattening on that basis.
>> Uh we've been following a lot of bull
markets. I mean, China certainly is one
of them.
>> How are you as a foreign investor
looking at this market? And given that
we have seen, you know, this fits and
starts and tit tit fortat
>> really does quickly kind of sap
sentiment by just one sort of post from
the president,
>> you know, how should I be looking at
this sort of bull run?
>> So, yeah. So, China has been a winner on
the tariff war so far this year. If you
just look at equity markets is up
significantly. The Hanks saying up 30%
or so this year. But I think that's more
a reflection of cheaper valuations at
the start of the year rather than an
outright we're going to do really well
as China Inc. still for me a difficult
situation uh in China the economy. I
still think actually for next year the
focus is going to be on uh the five-year
plan rather than necessarily corporate
profitability. So I don't think we're
going to see another 30% in China
equities next year. In fact, I I I would
be pushing against that. I'll be selling
into strength in China. But that's not
to do with the negotiations. That's just
because of valuations. Again, they've
done really really well and everyone's
bullish on China. This time last year,
everyone was bearish on China. And
that's that's the flip of the switch, I
think, which is important.
>> It's a it's a reset. I mean, we've
reverted simply to the mean. So, I think
I wonder really how people feel about
this market because it's not that cheap
anymore. Is there anything on the
earnings store that you think might give
you uh you know might merit a second
look or or is a second look still US AI
and US tech?
>> Yeah. Well, actually that's where all
the earnings are. So the S&P 500 for
example in the US you're looking at 10%
earnings maybe Q3 versus last year's Q3
which is great but that's driven by AI
that's driven by technology. They're up
20 30%. And I think with China it showed
me the money time. you know, the the
equities up 30%, but earnings aren't
that good. The focus has never been on
earnings on China. So, I want to see
those earnings. I want to see actually
if that turns into something that I can
hang my hat on next year and see the
equity market go up because of earnings
rather than just multiple expansion.
>> Ben, fantastic. Thank you so much. We
covered everything there. Ben there,
Asia, head of investment strategy at
LNG. Okay. Uh just about under 7 minutes
to the opening. Bell hangings looking
like this approaching the open and yep
we are going to see a bounce uh going
into the Tuesday session. Plenty more
ahead. This is the China show.
[Music]
Okay. What a difference 24 hours makes.
Uh certainly a lot well a complete about
face in the texture and complexion of
these markets uh from this time
yesterday. Massive rally overnight. Not
a lot of volumes though across the US
markets. In terms of what we're looking
at today apart from price obviously
southbound flows which hit the highs in
two months yesterday 20 billion Hong
Kong dollars. So the question mark
yesterday was answered pretty much on
the same day. Would you buy this dip?
And they did come and buy that dip
substantially. Yeah, it seems like it
wasn't much of a question uh at this
point just given where we have seen
sentiment, right? We you know the US
seems to be open still for some sort of
trade deal and we just heard from the
com ministry of commerce from China.
Seems like the ball is in each other's
court is how they're kind of presenting
it here right now. Analyst actions are
like this. SMIC a shares rated a new ad
at Western Securities. Their price
target of 14645.
Uh UB Techch Robotics also eight shares
rated a new addon securities. And we
have Jang Su Hungre also writt a new
hold at Dawa. In terms of what to watch,
it is those local chip makers the light
here that we're watching here today as
well in a science as well after that
deal with Nvidia. We're up 15%. The open
is next.
[Music]
Good Tuesday morning from Hong Kong. You
know, a question I've been grappling
with in my head is what's what's longer,
this bull market or summer? Because it's
still been extremely hot outside. You
look at the bull market and the bounce
we're seeing also suggests the extension
of this bull market and we are called
higher as we approach the opening.
>> Hey, we'll take it, right? But you know
what? I I like fall in in in Hong Kong.
Certainly cooler temperatures are
certainly needed, but we don't need
that.
>> I guess cool news, we do need that when
it comes to the music in the US and
China trade discussion and we're seeing
that
>> here from both sides, right? We're
talking about this Ministry of Commerce
statement that just came through in just
the last couple of minutes and it did
sign sort of echo what we heard from the
US, right? There is the sort of ne
wanting of the two sides to continue
talks here and that they want this
cooperation uh there. So there you go.
you take a look at how this is and then
you you are seeing a recovery underway
after we did see a bit of downside there
yesterday in onshore markets were up
about 1% for the CSI 300 we talked about
you know certainly the the buy the dip
mentality is very much there here today
we saw that overnight in the US and some
of the ETFs as well and CL8 shares you
see some of these big cap names are
doing very well here today is up some 1%
as well is catching a slight bid this
morning uh we're watching in terms of
metal space silver is certainly one to
watch here heading an all-time high.
We'll continue to watch that one as
well. But here's how the Hong Kong side
is looking because what we were focusing
yesterday was a southbound flows and we
certainly saw that highest in two months
when it came to the net buying that we
saw. So, looks like that could continue
for another day. We'll see. And it looks
like they're scooping up HST. Uh there
you go. You see the likes of Alibaba up
one and a half% as well doing quite
well. BU is as well. We're watching
Xiaomi closely here given we saw that
crash uh involving one of its EV cars.
We we'll flesh that out a little bit
later on. But today it seems like it is
a broad sort of recovery that we are
seeing across these markets. Uh and it
is because of what we saw right so in
terms of the rhetoric from the US and
China that's also improved. You talk
think about all these tech cooperations
whether it's Brocom and OpenAI whether
it's Hanghai and Nvidia and Inoscience.
This is one uh chipmaker as well talking
about this collaboration with Nvidia and
you see the shares just surging in Hong
Kong. We're up 16% here right now.
That's lifting a lot of the chip space
as well. SMIC is up 1% here. And we're
watching these rare earth stocks, right?
Because China did also defend those
controls when it came to rare earth as
well. Looks like we're seeing a mixed
picture here today, Dave.
>> Yeah, in fact, just on that clarity that
we did get officially from the Chinese
side. In fact, that statement dropping
within the last half hour. So, let me
just recap some of the headlines we got
out of the commerce ministry here. Um
well for one uh export controls do not
prohibit exports. It's point number one.
Uh that these rare earth export controls
are lawful. That's according uh to
Chinese officials. Uh they are defending
of course these control measures. They
are urging uh the US to correct its
wrongdoings and they are hopeful for the
US to show sincerity as we approach
those talks which by all indications
suggest will still be taking place in
about 2 weeks time.
>> Yep. Joining us now is Mi Joe from Shing
Dao, senior researcher at the Chinese
Academy of International Trade and
Economic Cooperation. That is a think
tank under the Ministry of Commerce.
Joy, thank you so much for joining us.
Let's start with that statement from the
Ministry of Commerce. It seems like
there is still some, you know,
cooperation that the the Chinese still
want uh leading up to of course this APE
meeting. Do you think that this meeting
will still first and foremost take
place?
I don't think that there are a lot of
obstacles for both leaders to meet with
each other if we are able to reach some
of the concerns. I don't think that is
the preconditions for you know the
following uh occasions to happen. But I
I you know personally I'm not involved
in this kind of businesses of the
meetings arrangement by the uh the two
countries but I would say that the
mechanism between the two countries the
governments to talk about the trade are
still there. We continue to discuss
about the possibilities and also what we
want to have in the coming future about
the different issues including some of
these misunderstanding and also some
mechanism new mechanism or in
institutional arrangements. I think it's
likely you know we are going to continue
with that because the market is waiting
for us to make more uh clearance about
what we are really want to have.
>> Yeah. Jomi David here if you what since
you mentioned misunderstanding I want to
get your opinion on what you think was
the biggest misunderstanding
>> I think that as your mentioned just now
that you know some people think that
China do not want to export our real
earth products and I don't think that is
the truth because we still are you know
encouraging the companies to follow the
market rules and trying to do the
businesses with other trading partners.
I I know that the China's uh real earth
industry is very strong but it's not
only because our domestic market we
depend a lot on the global market but
the global market is based on some rules
and certainty. So if we are continue to
support the government I mean the
government to support enterprises in
different ways to trying to give them
more confidence. I think that the supply
chains can be strengthened but uh we
have to say that you know there are some
kind of misunderstanding about China's
practices is trying to stop the export
to United States. I don't think that is
the truth. We are trying to fulfill our
commitments in the laws of the export
control. That is the system that we want
to safeguard our national security and
also trying to contribute to the world
peace.
Can can you tell us on how the
enforcement side of these export curs
I'm just wondering because does China
have the capacity what tools does it
have to really kind of uh you know check
these you know products contain traces
of certain rare earths to be effectively
implemented beyond its borders this
whole long arm jurisdiction side of
things does it have the capacity to do
so
>> yes it is a very good question because
you know when we are trying to start a
new mechanism for regulations. I think
that we still need some time to observe
the procedures. First of all, we need to
publish the kind of uh instructions on
the businesses who really want to have
the export uh you know from China about
real earth. I think that we are setting
up some mechanism to coordinate
different uh ministries and also the uh
regulations uh parties and also trying
to give them uh very uh uh clear signals
about what they are required to provide
the information to the related
ministries. I think it's a first step.
We are going to strengthen the abilities
not just by you know the company side.
We are also trying to improve our own
abilities in dealing with such a kind of
a difficult and very complicated
situation. So in the meanwhile I think
it's worthwhile for you know a lot of
more communications and discussions
between the governments if the
governments are able to have a more uh
you know channel of communications that
will shorten the time for the people for
the companies to adapt to the new
regulations.
Yeah, and I think you you make a very
good point that you know the US should
not identify itself as a target uh you
know of these controls. This is
something that China is looking to do
with all its markets and all its trading
partners. And I'm curious improving the
communication lines between you know the
ministry of commerce let's say Chinese
officials and its trading partners.
There was a lot of misunderstanding when
the news broke last week. In fact, I
remember during the shows this time last
week that we had to figure out what was
happening. And I wonder whether China
communicated
what was announced last week with other
trading partners ahead of that
announcement.
Well, uh, pretty I I'm not quite sure
about the, you know, the the
communications between different
countries, but I I'm I would believe
that, you know, the public announcement
is a very official one that we state out
what we are going to do in such a time.
I think all these procedures are you
know following our suit by the the
government and related laws and the
regulations and to do with real earth. I
think we are having uh more discussion
about uh the the target. I don't think
that you know China want want to export
or control our export to the US but on
the other side we are seeing that United
States is trying to put more Chinese
companies in the so-called entity list
and that really are you know uh putting
so many Chinese companies in the danger.
I I didn't hear any of these uh messages
from you know the US side before they
are putting Chinese companies in that
list. So I I think that is also natural
for China to do the similar things. We
are trying to safeguard our uh own
national security. We don't have to to
you know uh require the opinions from
the other side. If it's just following
the practice of the international
communities we are not just trying to do
something unilaterally. I think it's a
practices to follow our law
requirements.
uh you mentioned a little bit more about
you know maybe limiting the collateral
damage that you still want to ensure
that global supply chains are still
intact. There is after the the controls
that were set in April there there was a
narrative out there that China might be
disrupting global supply chains and that
it is looking to be China is is an
unreliable supplier in in some ways. How
do you think China is responding to
that? Are they better prepared this time
around to process these applications?
>> Well, uh if you're looking at the data,
I mean yesterday the China published the
data of the the the September uh
international trade and the first three
quarters, you know, in the coming and
continuously three quarters China's
export to other countries are keeping on
the trend of increasing. I think that
proved a very important fact that all
the you know many uh trading partners of
China are still trying to count on the
China's export. I think it's a really a
good proof that we are able to provide a
better support to other countries. So
for the supply chain in my understanding
you know China is the number one country
for the international trade. We are not
want to put us in the very dangerous
position of interrupt that and disrupt
that. So for us the best benefit for us
is to give the market more confidence
and more sustainability. I think that is
what we are really want to have. So even
to the real earth I think that China is
the largest stakeholder of that but we
are not just the producer of the raw
materials. We are still having so many
manufacturers they are demanding a lot
of more demand of this real earth
products. So that means that we are able
to coordinate with with our trading
partners and make a better balance ba
based on the you know uh the the demand
and the supply.
Joby a final question before we let you
go and thank you so much by the way for
being patient with us. The do you think
a grand bargain is still grand trade
deal is still uh achievable? Are you
optimistic that we can achieve we can
see one from both sides in two weeks and
apart from rare earths what else what
other sticking points do you think uh
still remain on the table?
>> Well uh you know it is always the same
with China side that we we we think that
the relation between China United States
are mutual beneficial. We should respect
each other and these relations are
benefiting both sides not just the
government but also the market and the
prices. So if United States still uh
able or still want to do that I think
it's uh possible and most likely to
happen in the future that we can reach
some consensus on the practices and
trying to give the markets more
confidence. So for us I think the most
important thing that the other side
should not just trying to abandon what
they have promises they have to keep
their words and they have to moving
forward to trying to reduce the more uh
interference uh with the relation
between us and that is very important
for us to build the trustbased relations
between our two countries.
>> Join me thank you so much for joining
us. senior researcher at Chinese Academy
of International Trade and Economic
Cooperations joining us out of Ching Dao
this morning. Coming up after Tesla,
Xiaomi's EV door handles are under
scrutiny following a deadly crash in
China. We have the details coming up
next. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Some big stories that we're tracking for
you this morning. The Dutch government
has seized control of Chinese own
chipmaker Nexperia, invoking a cold war
era law for the first time. Officials
cited serious governance shortcomings at
the firm that they say threatened key
technological know-how. The move
targeting a unit of China's wing
technology is expected to escalate trade
tensions with Beijing. Airbus is opening
new assembly lines in Alabama and China
to boost output of its bestselling A320
Neojets. Engine issues have forced a
company to build gliders or planes
completed without engines. Airbus aims
to build 75 aircraft a month by 2027 as
it works through a backlog of more than
7,000 orders. And Boomer has been told
China Renaissance is seeking to raise
$600 million for a US listed vehicle
investing in BNB, the cryptocurrency
linked to Binance. Now, sources say the
deal includes $200 million $2 million
from YZ Labs, a family office of Binance
co-founder Champing Jao. The China
Renaissance said in an August filing
that it would invest about $100 million
in BNB.
>> Let's check in on shares of Xiaomi.
Yesterday saw some pretty heavy selling
and quite a drop in the share price. We
are seeing it trade flats in the opening
what 15 minutes or so. Now the news here
is it certainly comes after this deadly
crash involving its uh SU7 electric
sedan on Monday and certainly renewing
concerns over electrically powered
corridor handles. Bystanders were
actually unable uh to open the doors and
rescue the driver before the vehicle
then burst into flames. Uh let's bring
in Linda Lou, our Asia transport
reporter joining us right now to just
help us understand the big picture
context here. And Linda, yeah, why do
these why do accidents like this keep
happening? Is it because we're looking
uh it's not just with with the EVs, of
course the Xiaomi, but also when you
look at certainly Teslas, for example.
>> Yes. So these accidents are actually not
that rare because we've seen reports of
this happening uh in the US, in China
with Xiaomi. This is probably their
second accident following the one that
happened in March uh in similar
circumstances where the car crashed and
also burst into flames. The key issue
here is the design of these EV door
handles. While they look very sleek, uh
they're very good for aerodynamics,
they're not very easy to open um in some
of these emergencies because they are
electronically powered. That means when
the car gets into a crash or some sort
of other accident, uh once they lose
power, it could be very hard to open
these doors. Now, there are manual
releases uh for these door handles, but
they're usually inside and they may
their placement may vary across models.
So, people not familiar with the cars
they're traveling in may not be able to
find these manual releases. And
certainly for first responders, it's not
very accessible to open these doors
manually from the outside.
Yeah, it's certainly quite alarming uh
just hearing that, Linda. You know, the
US has opened an investigation into the
design of some of these door handles,
right? When it comes to some of these
Tesla models, and this is of course
after our reporting. Are Chinese
authorities doing anything like this?
>> Yes. So, Chinese authorities actually
started um drafting new regulations uh
considering drafting new regulations
after the previous Xiaomi accident that
happened in March. So, right now um the
authorities have put out um some draft
rules. uh they are seeking public
feedback and the key uh a key new
requirement is for manual releases to be
available uh not just inside of the car
uh but also outside of the car in case
of emergencies. So um with these new
rules um taking public feedback right
now you can see the Chinese government
is actually thinking about passenger
safety and especially in cases of
accidents. you know, they're really
requiring car makers to make sure the
designs are intuitive and also make it
possible so that even in the event of an
EV losing power, these doors may be able
to be opened from the outside.
Linda, thank you. Linda Lou there, our
Asia transport reporter joining us
there. We got plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
President Trump is urging world leaders
to ensure the US brokered truce between
Israel and Hamas turns into lasting
peace. At a summit on Gaza's future,
Trump said efforts to fund the strip's
reconstruction have already begun.
>> Pleased to announce that numerous
countries of great wealth and power and
dignity have come forward to me just
today and over the last week to say they
want to help in the reconstruction of
Gaza, putting up whatever money is
necessary. And the money is of course
it's a lot of money but it's not much
compared to the value or the wealth of
these tremendous countries.
>> Let's bring in our Bloomberg News desk
editor Belage Pens now joining us. Um on
you know obviously there is this sort of
notion that you know Trump wants to say
that this is over essentially the war
but how do we know that whether the
ceasefire is going to lead to lasting
peace?
>> That is the big question. Uh isn't it? I
mean we know the president has a flare
for the rhetoric and the likes this
rhetorical flourishes but within that
when as we heard him talk about it
there's the question about what happens
next and there's a recognition that very
thorny very difficult issues remain just
uh looking at the specifics of Gaza and
the situation there uh we don't know if
Hamas is going to disarm we don't know
when Israel will fully pull back uh from
the Gazan territories we don't know
who's going to govern Gaza And we don't
know, as the president said, who will
pay for the reconstruction. So there's a
lot happening that still needs to be
resolved. But I think there's a
recognition that the president can use
the might of the US presidency, what
Teddy Roosevelt used to call the bully
pullpit to to build on this momentum and
get people together. He had a huge
audience, lots of world leaders in
attendance. Uh and he's hoping that uh
he can bring them together and keep that
momentum going. The Egyptians are trying
to pull together a summit on the
reconstruction for next month. So
there's a hope that there will be a
continuation of this effort.
>> Did the president discuss or comment on
whether one or two-state solution and
where he's perhaps leaning as in that
regard?
>> Well, so that is one of the thorny
questions uh that remains. We don't know
uh what will happen with the Palestinian
state. We don't know who will govern
Gaza. Like I mentioned, we don't know
what happens on the West Bank either,
uh, where there have been tensions
building up during this two-year war as
well. That's right.
>> Uh, so there is a lot that's still to be
determined. And when we look at the
broader picture of the Middle East, uh,
all those intricate and and very
delicate relationships, there's a lot
still to be worked out. As you said, the
the question of the Palestinian state is
certainly one of the most important
ones. Bas, thank you so much Bas Pence
there um our bloomer news desk editor
with the latest and really the piece
allows us to sort of consolidate
um our positioning but yeah there's lots
of big questions remain certainly is an
understatement very just very briefly
we're about just over 20 minutes into
the cash market session here uh so one
of the sectors we we have been tracking
in fact since yesterday following of
course the we now have better
understanding in terms of spending and
visitor numbers and volumes
into Macau during the holiday break. Um,
and some commentary coming from analysts
too. So, we had declines yesterday,
declines overnight, and still declines
against the grain of this relative calm
across these markets today. And we are
continuing to track this, of course,
going into the pick of a recession.
>> Yeah, I think Jeffrey's had an
interesting call saying that the golden
week holiday, you know, was not as good
as expected, right? I mean, take a look
at how uh gaming revenue looked like
here, which did include that period,
right? And you know, they also noted
that the typhoon probably had an impact
on results, really highlighting the low
visibility in Macau, which has been
everpresent, they say. So, uh, that
certainly is one disappointment that
we're seeing across the Macau casinos
here today. Uh, but you take a look at
how the silver stocks are doing. I mean,
all-time highs, right? That was that
squeeze that we saw in London, too. So,
that certainly is helping some of these
silver uh miners out there, like, you
know, China silver groups up some 7 8%
here right now. And it looks like right
now we continue to see those gains uh in
silver spot prices too. But you take a
look at how the rest of the benchmarks
are doing and it looks like we are
seeing a decent recovery here in Hong
Kong in the CSI 300 though. Japan
bucking that trend today.
>> Yeah, it it is bucking the trend. It is
reopening today but it's also coming off
the lows of the session. So it's
starting to join in in terms of market
direction. Onshore markets are actually
outperforming today which I think is
something given how tight the AH
premiums become and a lot of more people
have been leaning towards Asia. We'll
talk about that later on. The AI trade
continues to give with Taiwan up about
2%. Plenty more away.
[Music]
Welcome back to the China show. A look
at the CSI 300. A half hour into the
session and yes, we are seeing onshore
actually outperform here this morning.
We're up 7/10en of 1%. You compare that
to what we're seeing Hong Kong and we're
seeing may relatively speaking not as
punchy gains, excuse me, but there
certainly there has been some
improvements, right? Well, we heard from
the Ministry of Commerce and the Chinese
side talking about they still are
seeking some sort of cooperation with
the US that these export curbs when it
comes to rare earth and really
reiterating that they are not bans and
they are seeking to work uh with of
course their partners uh overall and
then you have all these sort of tech
collaborations right around the AI space
that continues to kind of lead this risk
rally hired.
>> Yeah. And we woke up to the the Broadcom
news and open AI overnight. So that
really led to some gains there following
all the news already from last week,
right? And then I think you had today
was the Hanhai Foxcon um announcement
with Nvidia which is separate to the
Inoscience announcement alongside Nvidia
as well and as you can see that is
leading to some gains there uh on high
as well half of 1%. The Samsung story
was the interesting one because that
that was I think if you look at it the
first earnings supported AI story
although we are short of details there
because it was just the prelim numbers
which was a substantial beat. Um I think
initially markets reacted quite
helpfully as far as the bull case was
concerned but we have completely
reversed the gains now but all that is
to say this you know shares of Samsung
have done tremendously well. I think
we're close to doubling in fact from the
bottom of 2024. So there is some money
to be taken off the table there. Uh and
also to just mention apart from tech uh
the rest of the markets A versus A eight
shares are actually in favor of A right
now and the rarest of course within this
the market reaction and all the I think
the first official statement coming
through out of the Chinese side
>> since the US administration the Trump
administration did threaten those 100%
tariffs um over the weekend. So
certainly it seems like both sides are
are still trying to bring down a little
bit of the the temperature as we countd
down to APE which is about two or three
weeks away. So certainly uh as we were
talking to Joe me uh the think tank that
is under the commerce ministry of
commerce they did mention that you know
they still believe this meeting could
still happen uh in South Korea. So
certainly that is one to watch uh and we
are focusing very closely on that
statement itself too right when you take
a look at uh the readout and really what
they're saying right they're saying that
they are going to continue with this
trade fight but there seems to be some
nuance that they're still looking for
some sort of collaboration still. Yeah.
And it's not just about China and only
the US. Yeah. You know, the the sense
you get is China's broadening out the
message that find the US might feel
itself uh as a target here. But that
should not be the case according to Joe,
right? Because this certainly concerns
other trading partners as well. And I
think if you look at the nuance that
they're trying to hit specifically with
that message is that export curbs do not
actually mean an export ban
specifically. I think they're trying to
work out the the details of how they
plan to implement this
>> moving forward beyond their borders.
>> And just look at the trade data they say
as well from September, right? When it
came to imports, it was a massive
blowout in expectations because you
started to see that China is continue to
do business in a really robust way with
a lot of American allies. Right? You
take a look at when it comes to Japan, I
think it was up some 20%. Taiwan, South
Korea, all record a very strong boost in
exports, imports I should say. But
exports as well from China was also
actually looking pretty good. So does
that mean China is kind of moving up the
value chain as well when it comes to
chips too
>> and you know disproving I think the
point there was disproving the notion
that it was an unreliable trading
partner. Yeah.
>> You know that it was out there to
disrupt the supply chains and I think
the the respon
>> collateral damage
>> the collateral damage kind of things and
the response earlier from Joe was you
know he simply had to look at the data
to simply understand that that's not the
case uh as it pertains to that as well.
So all indications are all indications
are we are headed towards a meeting
between the two presidents. There are
some sticking points still but I think
from a markets perspective it was a
reminder on the weekend that a gap still
does exist but the gap isn't as wide as
the headline suggested in Asia Pacific.
We woke up on Saturday and we were like
what's going on? Uh let's bring in Mark
Cranfield with us right now um out of
our Mive team. Uh he's out of Tokyo uh
today. Mark, good morning. The let's
talk about how you're enjoying the weak
Japanese currency in a moment. Uh but
yes like help us understand now what the
market understanding is of trade you
know trade tensions for example are it
doesn't seem we're in a really bad
situation
>> I think investors have been used to the
idea for some time that that China's
playing a long game as far as the the
trade situation goes with the United
States they haven't really deviated very
much from that it's just that from time
to time they need to remind America that
they are not going be making knee-jerk
decisions and investors are generally
used to that idea. So they also um when
traders look at the Chinese markets,
they also know that in the very short
term, China probably has more tools to
help its equity market in many ways than
the United States does. So they when
they need to, they can ask for
government related funds to come in and
help to support the market. They're in a
much stronger position anyway because
they were lightening up during the rally
over recent weeks as well. So they're in
a strong position to come in as and when
needed to support the the Chinese equity
markets. And if you look at it overall,
China's response to these things is
relatively transparent. They make it
fairly clear what they want, where
they're going, which is in contrast to
what investors have to deal with these
coming and going decisions from the
United States. They seem to be changing
their their policy on the hoof. Um, and
no one's really quite sure where they're
heading. And as you say, from within the
space of 24 hours, you can have huge
changes. On Friday night, it looks as
though President Trump was being very
aggressive, slapping on big tariffs, and
then within 24 hours, things have eased
back a lot, and he's not um taking the
same stance. You can see the volatility
that creates in the S&P and the US
equity markets. So, it doesn't mean to
say it's going to be a smooth ride by
any means. People will have to get used
to the fact that both sides have got
their agenda. There'll be a lot more to
be said. There could or may or may not
be a meeting at the APEC between the two
presidents. But in the meantime, people
will have to look under the hood and see
what does it really mean from an
investment point of view. And you when
the dust settles, you'll probably see
that you can make a clearer case for
being in the Chinese markets than you
can for the US because the Chinese side
is less prone to suddenly changing
direction. I think investors have a
clearer sense of where China is heading
than the United States.
>> Mark, it seems like what could be still
supporting this market still is is AI,
right? I take a look at what happened
with Broadcom, another blockbuster deal
from OpenAI and then you add, you know,
Hanhai, Nvidia, Inoscience, uh, with
Nvidia as well to build more of this
infrastructure. Um, for one thing, I'm
I'm questioning how OpenAI is is paying
for all this, but then, you know, is it
a reason again to actually buy into this
sort of AI story or does it just fan
some of these more AI bubble fears now?
>> Yeah, some some questions you shouldn't
ask. You shouldn't be asked who's paying
for this.
>> You don't want the answer to that.
>> I'm just That's my job, Mark. I got to
ask.
>> That's correct. Okay. Where we were.
should you should you should just be
closing your eyes and having faith that
everything will work out nicely in the
end and that everybody will make loads
of money. I mean the it's really it all
comes down to to the outlook that we
hear from the the CEOs and the CIOS when
they give their report. So this week got
we're expecting to have TSMC this week.
The situation currently looks very
promising. We've had Honghai, we've had
Samsung. Everybody is giving very good
indications that there is demand for the
AI infrastructure and that there's still
money to be made from there. If we get
an endorsement from TSMC this week,
again, it will be reassuring that the
companies are going in the right
direction. Of course, it will set us up
for the really big one, which is Nvidia
next month. At some stage, as with most
cycles, there will be a degree of
overinvestment and somebody will have to
pay for that. And in the end, there'll
probably be investors who came in too
late and they'll regret joining it. But
it could be a long way off. As we saw
during previous bubbles, they can extend
for a long time. You might think you're
in a bubble, but it can be a long time
before it bursts. And if you're a fund
manager looking at your returns for the
next few months, particularly towards
the end of the year, if you give up now,
you could be letting a lot of P&L slip
away if the markets continue to rally
into the end of the year. So that's the
judgment that people have to make. But
it is very important what the company
leaders have to say on the outlook for
demand more so than the earnings itself.
People expect decent earnings this
quarter. That's almost a given. But what
are they going to say about the outlook
for 2026? And that's what will drive the
next leg of the market, whether it's
higher or lower.
>> Mark, can I just ask you quickly on on
Japan? The we it seems like we're
dealing with tail risks in markets right
now. So, well, we're reminded of the
tail risk, right? So, I think you
brought up one just now where, you know,
what if a what if President Xi and
President Trump did not meet end up did
not meeting? That's a tail risk that
market should consider. The other one
that's suddenly come up is what if the
next Japanese prime minister
comes from the opposition? How do I need
to be thinking about the fluidity in in
the political scene there in Japan right
now?
>> Yeah, that's another question you
shouldn't ask David. That's that's
a very big it's a it's a very big risk
for Japanese assets. It's something
they've never really had to deal with.
Anybody who's investing in Japan at the
moment, in their lifetime, they would
never have had to face this question of
somebody from outside the LGB
potentially becoming the leader of the
country. There's a meeting going on
today between the DPP, which is the the
largest opposition party, and other
small parties, and they may come up with
a a plan to offer an alternative prime
minister to Miss Tesishi, who so far is
failing because of the fallout with
coalition members last week. It is no
longer a small risk for Japanese
markets. It's becoming a bigger risk in
this in this vacuum. Everything is up
for grabs and certainly the in the very
near term it doesn't reflect well on the
Japanese currency. The safety valve for
most international investors is probably
to remain um short biased against the
Japanese yen because there is not too
much that the Japanese authorities can
do about it in the near term in when you
have such a fluid political situation.
The Bank of Japan is in no position to
raise interest rates is it's extremely
unlikely they can now go ahead with a
rate hike in October. The the political
mess just doesn't support that view.
Then you've got the Minister of Finance
who is responsible for deciding when you
can come in to support the Japanese
currency. Right now, it probably hasn't
moved enough for them to think that the
alarm bells are going off and they need
to step in straight away. But that will
be in the back of their mind. Maybe if
we reach 155 to 160 on dollar yen,
they'll start to talk more aggressively
and the market will need to be prepared.
In the meantime, unless we have a ve a
lot of clarity which we we Japanese
investors are looking for political
coherence. They're looking for clear
decision making. Where are the next
steps? How is the government going to be
formed? What is the fiscal policy going
to be? None of that looks very easy
right now. And the yen will be the weak
link in all of that.
>> Mark always willing to answer all our
tough questions.
>> Thank you.
>> Thank you. Mark Cranfield, our line
strategist joining us Tokyo this
morning. Coming up, how Chinese beauty
brands, what about sea beauty, are
winning over global consumers. We're
going to cross over to our China course
correspond. She's live in Hongjo for us
where one of those companies is based.
M.
>> Hey, I'm here in Hjo at the headquarters
of Flores, the Chinese beauty brand that
is a top selling cosmetics brand on for
the last four years. And it's a brand
known for its Chinese aesthetics. You
can see here some of its products. Uh
Chinese traditional painting inspired
carvings on some of its palettes. Each
compact is like a porcelain canvas. And
even some of these lipsticks as well. A
little surprise when you open it up. I'm
not sure if the camera can capture the
details, but there are really intricate
carvings on the lipsticks as well. Some
say this is not just makeup, it is
wearable art. And joining me later uh to
talk about Chinese beauty trends and
consumption patterns is Gabby Chun, head
of global markets at Flores. That
interview is next. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. We're about 45 minutes into the
cash market session this Tuesday. A look
at some data. Why not? Why not?
Bloomberg Intelligence says ETF launches
shattered monthly and annual records in
September. A total of 117 exchange
traded funds were introduced last month,
sending the 2025 total, soaring already
above last year's record and potentially
on track for 1,000 new products this
year. Eric Balunis, our BI senior ETF
analyst, has graced us with his
presence. He's cross the Pacific. He's
braving jet lag for us this morning.
It's nice to see you, Eric.
>> Thank you. Uh you're right. I still have
a little jet lag. So, uh but I'm getting
better. Every day gets a little better.
>> Yeah, there we go. with a passage of
time as they say. So, what's what's
cooking in your kitchen?
>> Yeah, look, uh, 20 years ago when I was
in Bloomberg data, I was handed ETFs
>> and I kicked the tires on them and I'm
like, these are going to be really big.
>> It felt like somebody discovering the
MP3,
>> right? This is going to change music
>> and I became uh obsessed with ETFs and
became the expert internally. We've
grown a research group and they have
really exploded. I nailed the call
luckily.
Anyway, this year they're going to break
records in launches and flows, right?
And volume and the launches are I think
incredibly important, sometimes
underrated. Flows gets all the
attention, but the launches a thousand
ETFs will launch in the US and about
triple that globally. In those launches
are people like Tom Lee, companies like
Capital Group, uh, and then some really
radical crazy stuff like 2x Micro
Strategy. So, there's something for
everybody. Basically, the whole
financial system is having to sort of
squeeze through the ETF crucible now
because this is where the fish are
biting. So, if you want to make it and
you have a strategy, you kind of need to
be in in the ETF marketplace now.
>> Tell me how flows are looking right now
when everything is up almost.
>> Yeah. Well, flows, it helps when
everything's up,
>> no doubt. So, we're going to see 1.3
trillion in US ETF flows. The record
last year was 1.1 trillion and before
that it was like 800. So every year
seems to set a new record. That's good.
If the market were down, I bet flows
would be like 800 billion. Like they
still take in money. Like 2022 when
everything was down, ETFs took in 650
billion in the US. I always said that's
a good sign. I always said bull markets
are good for ETFs, but bare markets are
even better for two reasons. If we see a
bare market, volume in ETFs goes through
the roof. People love to trade them,
lean on them, twe uh tweak their
portfolios using ETFs, especially
institutions. So volume in those in
those it tends to get bigger investors
using them and that usually leads to
flows and new adopters. The other reason
is in a bare market active tends to
struggle
>> and a lot of people will be like, "Oh,
the heck with this. I'm going to go with
a cheap beta ETF." So we find in bare
markets the actual, you know, percentage
increase of both flows and uh users goes
up. But in a bull market, you tend to
have bigger numbers just because
everybody's buying everything. You know,
whether it's Bitcoin and gold or just
equity beta or active, uh, basically
there's 4,500 ETFs in the US and over
3,000 have taken in money.
>> So, if the other 1500, they have issues.
But because if you're not if you're not
catching fish now, uh, you have
problems.
>> Well, the the concept of acting ETFs is
starting but slowly getting traction in
the Asia Pacific.
>> Yeah. So overlay what's happening in the
US and where we might see the industry
here in the Asia Pacific in a couple of
years time if not quicker.
>> Yeah. If you're an active manager and
you're like how can I evolve into this
new world? I would think of two words
cheap or shiny, right? You can no longer
charge 1 to 2% for basically equity
beta.
>> Okay?
>> Because beta is free now,
>> right?
>> That is an inconvenient truth that
everybody has to deal with. So in the
US, what they're doing is like, okay, if
beta is free, I'm just going to charge
you for the active. So, I'll be real
high active share like ARC, I can charge
80 to 100 basis points because I'll be
using smaller doses.
>> Yeah.
>> But if I'm low active share like DFA or
Capital Group, I got to lower my fee
because people can get most of those
stocks for free. So, just charge people
for the actual active and not the beta.
So, we call it beta adjusting your fees.
On the flip side, do leg work for
people. Jeep is a good example. That's
the JP Morgan covered call ETF. They're
writing call options to give you a
little extra yield. Yeah. Yeah.
>> So, it's like a trade that's embedded in
this active strategy and people like
that. So, leg work putting in uh a novel
idea into an ETF. And the final way is
to just go wild and do 2x 3x leverage. I
know in Asia they uh I call them dens in
the US but you guys have dens here too
apparently.
>> Well, the genz Okay, that's not
completely.
>> And those are technically active too and
they're selling like hotcakes. They're a
smaller percentage of assets but they're
a bigger percentage of volume. So the
exchange is really like these leverage
ETFs and uh the crypto and stuff like
that. So
>> uh really that's what I would think
about is one of those pathways forward
is how active can make it. But
>> that that sort of old guard I'm going to
I'm going to have a mutual fund and
mostly hold S&P stocks and tweak around
the edges and charge 1%. That's the
endangered species.
>> Uh also when it comes to you're here in
Hong Kong, you're heading to China next,
right? interesting milestone really with
China now surpassing Japan as as the big
ETF market in Asia. There's a new king
in town. I'm wondering given the
explosive growth, what do you see as
really the momentum behind this and and
how does it change preferences in terms
of what investors are looking for?
>> Two words, national team, uh who I've
gotten acquainted with. Um they're not
messing around, right? They're buying
ETFs just like Bank of Japan did.
>> We used to have this running joke when
people would come on the ETF set on ETF
IQ, which is a show we do in the US. And
I'd be like, "Black Rock is the second
biggest buyer of ETFs. Merryill is the
third." And I'd say, "Can you guess the
first?" Nobody could ever get it. You
guys will get it, though. Bank of Japan.
>> They were the biggest buyer of ETFs
across the world. Now, China's moving up
the ranks. They might be fourth already
because they move fast. And Bank of
Japan's going to start selling their
ETFs. So, that has really helped the
China market pass the Japan market in
assets. you know when the central banks
get going you know you got to basically
get you know watch that and they buy a
lot right so China also has other
organic buyers but when the government
gets involved that's going to help the
cause for sure and with Bank of Japan
kind of flatlining and now even selling
that should really China should be the
leader for quite a while
>> is is there such a thing as too many
ETFs too many issuers what does that
mean for because you mentioned a
thousand ETFs in the US triple that
outside yeah
>> so how what is the misconception around
competition.
>> Yeah. So, there was a big article in
Bloomberg like 3 weeks ago that there's
more ETFs than stocks and like everybody
freaked out and I'm like, you do know
there's more words than letters, too,
right? Right. There's more songs than
notes. Like, this is a there's there's
more recipes than ingredients. This is a
normal,
>> right?
>> Most of those are going to live in
oblivion, right? Only like a couple will
be monsters that really can move the
underlying market of the stuff they
hold. like a Vanguard 500 when they see
flows. They definitely have to buy those
stocks in big amounts. Most of them
won't have that much effect. There'll be
a lot of spaghetti at the wall. Some
will stick, some won't. But yeah,
there's going to be uh some market
structure shifting here. The problem
with the launches is paradox of choice.
If you ever go into a a restaurant and
there's like too many choices.
>> Oh, it's a bad restaurant.
>> Yes.
>> So, as it it's good job security for me,
though, because
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah. We we navigate people
through all of these choices. So, in a
way it's good, but in a way it's kind of
bad for the consumer, but the
competition you can't argue with because
it's lowering fees, creating more
interesting, innovative products, and
forcing the issuers to up their game.
>> Gives you more reason to come here, too,
Eric. Thank you, Eric Belchunis. Great
to have you in town. Bloomberg
Intelligence, senior ETF analyst joining
us here in Hong Kong. We got plenty more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Some stories that we're tracking for you
this morning. The Dutch government has
seized control of Chinese-owned
chipmaker next, invoking a Cold War era
law for the first time. Officials cited
serious governance shortcomings at the
firm that they say threatened key
technological know-how. The move
targeting a unit of China's wing
technology is expected to escalate trade
tensions with Beijing. China's Ministry
of Transport says it's exempting
Chinese-made vessels from new port fees
on US ships. The fees are due to take
effect on Tuesday. Now, Jeffree says oil
tankers and container ships will be
among the hardest hit. Beijing announced
the levies last Friday as retaliation
for a US plan for similar charges on
Chinese vessels. An Indian trade
delegation is set to visit the US this
week as the two nations work towards
finalizing a deal. An official told
reporters that New Delhi is also seeking
to purchase more natural gas from the US
as part of trade talks. Negotiations
resumed last month after President Trump
imposed 50% tariffs on Indian imports,
the highest rate in Asia.
>> All right. Uh we're looking at rare
earth and while you look at this just to
also mention we've gotten the response
coming out of the Chinese chip
association on that story that Ivon just
went through there on next period the
effectively what they're criticizing the
Dutch government's intervention
targeting the company as selective and
discriminatory under the guise of
national security according to that
statement right but speaking of
statement the ministry of commerce in
the last 90 minutes or so has come out
with their statement official one
response to the commentary that's come
through over weekend defending the
export controls that these are not
export curves and there's a difference
between the two but yes certainly it's
playing out across these markets
particularly when you look at some of
these names outside China it does
indicate though uh we are working
towards a conversation between the two
presidents in about 2 weeks
[Music]
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Of course, Japanese
markets reopening here today. So, it is
a bit of a catch-down story here today
and really kind of bucking the trend
where the rest of the region is seeing a
bit of recovery. We are seeing stocks
down about 1% in the NIK 225. Same goes
for the topics here and still some
weakness when it comes to dollar yen.
We're at 152 levels for the yen here
this morning. Of course, still tracking
a lot of the the politics premium and
really what we've been seeing with the
opposition. Uh so, a lot of talk there
domestically, but you know, we we've
been kind of overshadowed by a lot of
tariffs and the like really recently in
the news
>> would have been the top story were it
not for the flare up of course over the
weekend, right? Because the as Mark
Crantel did point out, you know, the the
tail risk of someone from the opposition
perhaps becoming the face of political
Japan is no longer as far-fetched an
idea uh given what's been taken place.
That's still of course tail risk, but of
course just something to consider 1.4%
as we catch down there in Japan, which
is by the way because of the drag we're
getting out of Japan. Uh we're not doing
as well on a benchmark basis because of
the catch down there. But also that's
just to say uh Taiwan is the off offset
when you look at it and that market
there are up 610 to 1% as a group on the
sector itself. S&P futures are catching
a bid. The dollar is still on balance
unchanged but the 1215 is still on the
stronger side of the recent range uh
here as well. But yeah apart from that
volumes are on the lighter side of
things. So while we are recovering
somewhat as far as sentiment we haven't
fully of course recouped all the all the
declines of course from Friday on most
metrics here.
>> Yep. Okay. Certainly, we're seeing how
things uh play out here. And let's move
the discussion around and and talk a
little bit more about makeup.
>> Yeah, I don't need that. But yeah,
>> you do. In fact, if people don't know,
David does need makeup every day to be
honest.
>> I know I look perfect. That's
artificial.
>> Don't ruin the fantasy. Uh let's talk
about Flores. It's a Chinese beauty
brand that has been gaining a stronger
foothold in markets outside its home
country and really has been expanding
its physical presence, having set up in
Paris and Tokyo. And the brand is also
aiming for growth in the US market and
recently has really gone viral. Our Tana
correspondent Mimman Lo is standing by
Hong Joe with Gabby Chen the president
of Floras Global Markets. Mman take it
away.
>> Thanks Ivan. Yes, Floresus is a top
selling brand on Doin for the last four
years and as you said joining me here is
the head of global markets Gabby Chun.
Thank you for joining us. I want to
start with your foray into international
markets first because you you have this
uh permanent beauty counter in Paris.
You have a flagship store in Tokyo this
year. How where are you seeing the
biggest growth internationally and what
is your target in terms of your share of
overseas sale in say 3 years time?
>> I think luckily till this year we are
seeing double digit growth for over the
global market. Japan has remainingly uh
growing very strong for us. Japan first
of all is going to be our top market.
Secondly, we uh shifted our uh strategy
to Southeast Asia starting from 2025.
And the third will be European markets.
So you can see that our global footprint
is being growing bigger and bigger.
>> Okay. Earlier your colleague was telling
me that your products are actually
extremely popular in the US. In fact,
the the highest popularity is in the US
in terms of engagement in social media.
But the GMV sales actually not as good
in the US compared to Asia. Why is that?
Do you think? I wouldn't say that's a
fair comment because uh the up till last
years I think there's a huge like
political change for the global market.
So we shifted our strategy from the US
market to the Southeast Asia. But prior
to that US has remaining very strong as
our top one global market. You can see
that we have 1.2 million follower on our
Tik Tok official account. We actually
work with 1,500 influencer in the US
market per year. So you uh overall US
has always been a very important market
for us. So what is your expansion plan
now in terms of which markets you are
prioritizing? Does this mean that you
are not looking to invest further in the
US? Then
>> we are luckily still remain growingly
stable in the US market but as you can
see that the global market has been
shifted. So we are on holding the
investment but uh we remaining our brand
uh performance in the US market but as I
previously shared Japan, Southeast Asia
and Europe has growing very strong.
>> Okay. Do you have like any timeline in
mind in terms of uh when you might want
to invest more in creating more offline
presence in the US in particular?
>> It has always been our pipeline and then
we hope that within three years you will
see us in retail in the US.
>> Okay. Um the beauty sector has been
traditionally very dominated by European
brands like Estee Lauder, um L'Oreal,
South Korean brands has also been very
popular in Asia. What is the competitive
edge that you bring?
>> I think beauty today is now no longer a
single dimensional like standard. People
are looking for something they can
resonate with. Florosis bring that
uniqueness on the global market. First
of all, we're deeply rooted in our Asian
culture and also our oriental wisdom. So
for example, take for example for our
skincare line which just launched. It is
uh enhanced with TCM, traditional
Chinese medicine. So bringing that
balance of harmony and artistry about
Chinese culture, I think that's
something unique for a florist always
trying to tell. We're here for the
long-term storytelling and also brand
building, not for a short-term gain.
>> Let's shift over to domestic market
because based on the latest data that's
been disclosed, it seems like 2021 was
the peak of your GMV sales and it came
down in 2022 and after that there
weren't any public numbers. Are you able
to share any insights in terms of what
your numbers are looking at? What is
looking like and what are what does it
say about consumption sentiment right
now?
>> I think overall flores has been uh
growing walking into a more healthy
growth in domestic market. We see a
healthier cycles is coming in. We I
think you can see that the China market
has gained back the temperature. We just
starting our 111 sales and it's looking
really well.
>> Okay. Are you able to share like what is
the percentage of growth you're looking
at?
>> Uh for domestic market is not really my
region. I take care of the global market
and for global market we do are facing
double digit growth strongly and we
might be able to finish a double of the
sales this year but domestically uh we
are going into more healthy cycle.
>> There has been a lot of competition in
the domestic market the so-called
involution. Do you face pressure to
provide steeper discounts to attract
more customers in China?
>> That is something we're very proud of.
We're very strong at the promotional
uh standard. So for Flores, we're not
here to gain the short-term gains like
we just shared. So it's not about price
competition, it's about product quality.
You can see that if you put in any of
our our products among of all the other
uh built brands, you can see our
products stand out because it tell the
quality the story and it's uniqueness
and most importantly the product
ingredients is healthy to your skin. So
it's very different from all the other
competitor
>> and so far um Flores has been targeting
the mass market but there has been
increasingly a crop of Chinese brands
that want to put themselves on par with
western brands in terms of quality and
pricing. Are you at some point looking
to tap into that luxury premium market
in China and overseas? We are indeed
working on that uh we call mistache uh
line but it is something like still in
the pipeline but on the global market I
believe that our pricing strategy has
already allowed us to compete with some
of the international brand. We are
indeed in the misde price like you said
we are we already open a flagship store
in the Tokyo Kinsza 6. You already show
that our brand positioning is being well
acceptant in the Tokyo in the Japan
market.
>> All right. um any IPO plans going
forward?
>> I think when the time is right, we're
always open, but for now, we we don't
have any plan yet.
>> I think uh what's very interesting is
that your company like the new crop of
Chinese companies, you were exclusively
online for many years and you just uh
moved into offline physical stores a
couple of years ago. Is this the same
sort of strategy you're taking when you
uh break into global markets? Are you
still going to be leaning heavily on
live streaming and online presence first
before investing in a brick and mortar
store?
>> I think due to the social media getting
so popular, it has changed the global we
say the the game changed the global game
about how the brand to go global. Yes
indeed we will go for e-commerce first
when we starting a new market. But
retail has become more and more
important for a brand like us because we
represented the culture heritage. it
needed to have arena to show a venue to
show to the consumer how good is our
product to tell the story. So to answer
your questions like for global market we
in fact uh put in heavily investment on
the retail. So that's why the Japan uh
kins 6 flexure store and the Paris
counter is one of the key milestone for
us and it's not going to be the only
one. You're going to see us everywhere
uh in the next three years on the global
market especially in the retail
presence. All right. So, we'll see more
physical stores of floreses in different
countries including Malaysia also in the
pipeline. Back to you in the studio,
Ivonne.
>> Yeah. Okay, M. So, next time you're in
Malaysia, you're going to have to pick
up some for me. Minman, thank you so
much.
>> Thanks for
>> Yeah. Need all the help I can get here.
For Bloomberg subscribers, you can
re-watch that specific interview or
others that you might have missed your
TV. Go on your Bloomberg terminal. You
can be part of conversation sending send
messages on our shows. Ivonne really
knows how to take her spot here. Check
it out TV go. This is the China show.
[Music]
Right. Uh welcome back. We're looking at
Bitcoin staging halfway back.
>> Modest recovery of certainly we feels
like long ago we were touching 125,000
on Bitcoin itself. We did see a rush of
course out of leverage bets left parts
of the market really incap
incapacitated. An index tracking
altcoins sort of smaller highly
speculative tokens that rely on fairly
fragile liquidity actually tumbled 40%
within minutes of of course what
happened on Friday. President Trump
threatening additional 100% tariffs on
Chinese imports. Let's bring in our
cryptocurrency reporter Shvash Go is
with us to have a closer look at what
happened. And now we're about a few days
divorced from the that massive drop that
we had going into the weekend. Do we
have a better understanding what really
happened there?
>> Hi David, indeed we have some uh kind of
postmortem uh from what happened on the
flash crash. Uh basically for there were
three key things that really triggered
this. First was was the excessive
leverage that was built across the
market from bitcoin to the smaller coins
called altcoins. Second was the you know
the automated circuit breakers automated
margin calls that got triggered and that
without human intervention on a very
thin liquidity market over the weekend.
And the third was a very crucial reason
was that the absence of regulated
central counterparty which typically in
cryptonnormal world uh you know is a is
a is a is seen as a resilience is seen
as a strength but ironically on days of
this kind of crashes they come out to be
the biggest weaknesses weakness. So
these are the three key reasons uh we
we've seen uh you know on a on a very
big picture basis that we can say was
the was the reason of the flash crash we
saw on the weekend.
What can we learn from this? I mean
obviously it seems like Bitcoin at least
has made up some of the the losses but I
think for some of these altcoins for
example there's a lot of still lingering
questions on on what comes next. Does
this put more doubt into some of these
sort of altcoins now?
>> Indeed. Uh you're right Ivon basically
lot of froth lot of excessive we have
seen like 10x to 100x leverage building
up on building up on the on the altcoin
sector and as we know that you know
typically uh whenever there is a big
massive unraveling a big sell-off
happens altcoins suffer the most uh
because the the liquidity is very thin
on these altcoins right and especially
uh uh as you rightly mentioned that now
that we've seen the biggest selloff on
the altcoins uh the the way back will
also be slow because uh the liquidity is
slow, the fragmented and concern and
then the sentiment is nervous as well.
Uh and we have to remember that this
time around the the bull run that we we
were seeing on on the cryptocurrency
market from uh you know 20 2022 end of
2022 was actually led by Bitcoin and
less by altcoin. Typically what happens
is when a bull bull run picks up the
altcoins also pick up you know uh after
the bitcoin but this time it wasn't the
case and that is the reason that we've
seen this massive sell off uh uh because
there was a lot of panic uh in the
smaller altcoins there are there's a lot
of c some categories of the altcoins al
also like in the top 50 and then there
is an others the meme coins and the the
very less liquid tokens that got sold
off uh you know uh in a big way so that
that could also take time to that that
could be another reason that the market
will take time to bounce back in a
convincing manner.
>> Right. I mean I was going to ask you
about that. Let's let's toss this
forward. You know does a sustainable
recovery now look to be somewhat in
place after that big unwind or are we
what are you hearing from your contacts?
So the basically what the traders are
saying David is that the biggest uh
known unknown is again the the trade
talks right the US China trade talks the
geopolitical risks that actually
triggered the flash crash over the
weekend as well uh because it happened
when uh when the markets more or less
were closed in the US and the crypto was
the only one that took the blow. uh
going ahead as well, we see that to be
the case where geopolitical risks will
continue to be the biggest factor that
will determine how markets how crypto
will shape. Uh of course, the froth is
out. 1.6 million traders were
liquidated. 29 nearly 20 billion worth
of positions were liquidated as well.
So, a lot of the froth is out. Still
confidence is slightly uh you know shaky
as we have seen today that some bit of
weakness has crept into the market as we
speak. Uh though there was a some
recovery yesterday. So overall it's a
mixed uh you know uh situation sentiment
wise not really all all the way
confident uh going ahead.
>> Subashri thank you go there our
cryptocurrency reporter joining us out
of Singapore. Tell us a bit more about
what happened. of course uh pretty
tumultuous sort of roller coaster when
it comes to crypto markets the last few
days. Uh let's talk about India, right?
The IPO market there is certainly
looking pretty hot now. Yesterday we had
Tata Capital that was the biggest IPO of
the year that actually fizzled out on
Monday. So after that we're looking
ahead, right? Companies plan to go
public are pinning their hopes on
today's debut of LG Electronics India to
rekindle excitement. Let's bring in CJ
Tasha Morty there joining us from
Mumbai. CJ uh yes. So yesterday was a
bit of a I guess a a bit of a dud I
guess you could say when it comes to
Tata Capital, but when it comes to LG
Electronics, there seems to be a lot of
excitement. Tell us a bit more and and
how are things going to look today?
Yeah, I mean it seems like uh after
yesterday's sort of muted uh you know
debut for data capital, the biggest IP
of the year, Diwali probably will come
early this time around with LG India's
listing. uh given the fact that we are
expecting as much as 25 to 30% sort of a
listing day pop if you go by what gray
markets are indicating uh it was one of
the most subscribed billion dollar plus
IPOs in recent history in India and
demand was quite strong both from local
as well as foreign investors and
therefore I think we can look forward to
a very strong uh you know listing day
gains for the stock.
>> Yeah. And what was the big difference
though obviously apart from you know the
the play itself between the two listings
you know it seems night and day really
between what happened yesterday and what
we're likely to your point what we're
likely going to see in about an hour's
time.
>> I I think the biggest difference was in
in the pricing itself. uh LG probably
strategically priced itself to a
discount compared to its peers and what
others in the market expected it to be
given the fact that traditionally
consumer oriented companies in India
have have you know attracted very rich
or very high valuations or at least in
terms of price to earnings and Tata
capital on the other hand seem to be
quite you know priced fully to its
potential earnings. Uh the other factor
could be also the sectors that they both
come from. Tata Capital comes from
probably a bit more boring shadow
lending you know financial sector
whereas LG India is a more of a consumer
oriented story especially on the back of
all the tax cuts and you know uh
incentives that the government has been
giving to consumers to spend more uh
given given the fact that India's
economy has been slowing down for more
more than three to four quarters now and
therefore I think investors at this
point of time are expecting a rebound in
consumption and this uh is reflecting in
the demand that we saw for LG India's
IPO.
>> Yeah, I mean could be larger in terms of
value looking at the early pricing than
its parent. Uh CJ, thank you so much. C
great tracker board there in Mumbai for
us and just looking at Nifty futures
going into that open today. Yeah. So
that's going to be only one story in
town as we look ahead to the open over
in India. Penny Morhead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Some people think that China do not want
to export our real earth products and I
don't think that is the truth because we
still are you know encouraging the
companies to follow the market rules and
trying to do the businesses with other
trading partners. I I know that the
China's uh real earth industry is very
strong but it's not only because our
domestic market we depend a lot on the
global market but the global market is
based on some rules and certainty. So if
we are continue to support the
government, I mean the government to
support the enterprises in different
ways to trying to give them more
confidence. I think that the supply
chains can be strengthened.
>> That was uh Joe the senior researcher
who joined us and show us earlier on out
of the Chinese Academy of International
Trade and Economic Cooperation of course
a think tank under the Ministry of
China's Ministry of Commerce there. uh
you know speaking of rare earths really
the the initial clarity coming through
out of the Chinese side of things the
official statement coming through
following that massive
uh resurgence in attention on the
weekend as far as rare earths go as far
as the equity markets go that's
continuing to move up to the upside here
on the back of the standoff still and
there is hopefully that the
misunderstandings
between both sides uh are ironed out
ahead of hopefully what will be more
fruitful and constructive talks along
those lines here
>> yeah we're also watching ing wing tech
shares. This is the Chinese company
dropping by I think it was at 10% daily
limit for a second day after what we
heard from the Dutch government and the
seizure of its nextia unit. Right. So it
was used or seized using that emergency
cold war era law for the first time. So
that move could aggravate of course
trade tensions between the EU as well as
with Beijing here. And there you go.
We're still seeing that the stock here
the pain and you take a look on the
solar stocks is also one thing to watch
as well. U there's a report on tighter
capacity control. Maybe that's why we're
seeing them rally quite a bit here.
Trina Solar, for example, is up close to
10%. And you got to talk about PopMart
seeing a pop today.
>> Yeah, that's
>> thanks to Tim Cook. He's in Shanghai and
he visited the store. I think there's an
anniversary going on there as well.
>> Yeah. In fact, I think he So, this is
really interesting. It's one of the
better performers across these markets
today. And I think with how this is
really being covered there as far as uh
mainland China is concerned. I think he
visited a a PopMart store. I think I
believe it was yesterday. In fact, he
even posted about it on his social
media.
>> Uh oh, that's a massive one though.
>> Is that the And he's actually holding I
think they made him their very own Tim
Cook Lab Vubu.
>> That's how you know you made it.
>> And he's even holding like a little
iPhone 17. It's the cutest thing ever.
So that's that's a great warm welcome of
course uh for the Apple CEO. met with of
course uh the CEO Wong Ning there and
the designer behind Laboo's according to
state uh this is to the Shanghai
Securities news reporting there as well.
So I mean any reason for the stock right
we're deal with the stock though it's up
today we're still about 20% off the
all-time high that was reached back in
August so there is still a lot of
questions around you know
>> the rally and sustainability
>> or the lasting power right so I think
some of the commentary that's come
through out of analysts recently on this
new a consumption trend is it's still
going to feature quite prominently but
just the trajectory of what took it to
this place and like Tim Cooks visiting
the store u uncertain over the momentum
there.
>> What does it mean? Is there going to be
collaboration between
>> Yeah. I booboo.
>> I boooo.
>> Yeah. What are you going to call that?
It's tiny though. Is that an iPhone?
>> Phone cases. iPhone. I don't know. Like
Boooo hangings out of your iPhone. I
don't know.
>> Oh yeah.
>> Possibilities are endless. Well, it's a
good thing I don't sport uh skinny jeans
anymore. Otherwise, where's that all
going to fit?
>> Well,
>> bringing back of old trends. But yeah,
um the monsters is also celebrating
their 10 year anniversary, so I think
that's why he was there. Yeah.
>> Okay. Okay, there we go. Um well, that's
almost it from us here on Well, that's
it from us here in the China show. We
will see you all tomorrow. There's lots
more coming up here on Bloomberg
television. A live look at Shanghai
going into the last 30 minutes of trade.
Thank you for joining us today. We will
see you all on Wednesday.
[Music]